 I. NITA JOBB 
1520 St. Olaf Avenue | Northfield, MN 55057 | 507.646.1234 | imastudent@stolaf.edu 

 
EDUCATION 

St. Olaf College, Northfield, Minnesota 

 
●  Bachelor of Arts | Major: Economics | Concentration: Management Studies  

 

 

 

 

      
 

     Expected Graduation: May 2019 
            GPA: 3.48 | Major GPA: 3.67 

 
Honors/Awards: Presidential Merit Scholarship; Rotary Youth Leadership Award (2015) 
Study Abroad: Heidelberg, Germany | Studied Economics in contemporary Germany 
Relevant Courses: Marketing, Principles of Accounting, Entrepreneurship, Corporate Finance, Professional and Business Writing 
 
INTERNSHIP EXPERIENCE 

    

 

 

       January 2009 

Merchandise Planning Executive Intern, Target Corporation | Minneapolis, Minnesota    

             

             June - August 2018 

●  Analyzed reports to determine which of Target’s store planograms had highest dollar per square-foot productivity; cross-

referenced findings from productivity project with store prototypes (layouts) to determine dollar and volume productivity; 
Created comprehensive report and presented findings to group leadership 

●  Disseminated sales reports to facilitate an overall 20% SKU reduction for department, calculating the least and most 

productive items before recommending a course of action 

●  Observed/assisted with Competitive Line Reviews, Reverse Bid Auctions, and other E-Sourcing events 

Direct Marketing/Merchandising Intern, General Mills, Inc. | Minneapolis, Minnesota                    

                    June-Dec. 2017 

●  Coordinated with Direct Marketing, the Catalog Acquisitions Manager and the Senior Housewares Buyer to observe and 

critically analyzed focus groups to gain better knowledge of factors that influence purchases in our sector  

●  Collaborated with internet marketing staff and creative department to produce a template for Betty Crocker Catalog 

promotional emails. Wrote copy for the Pillsbury website, and completed a Search Engine Optimization (SEO) project for 
direct marketing that resulted in a 15% increase in internet visibility of Betty Crocker website 

●  Undertook a summer-long project disseminating General Mills consumer research/studies to determine who the ‘typical’ 
Betty Crocker buyer really is, in terms of family, buying habits and demographics; drafted a 15 page market research 
analysis and presented findings to senior leadership 

WORK EXPERIENCE 
Sales Associate, Williams-Sonoma, Inc. | Edina, Minnesota  

 
●  Apply strong customer services skills to engage hundreds of customers each day 
●  Winner of the W-S Catch The Spirit award in spring 2004 for outstanding service and can-do attitude towards customers 

              May 2014-Present 

 

 

 

 

and fellow employees 

Head Tennis Instructor, Orono Independent School District 278 | Long Lake, Minnesota  
2014-2016 

 

     June-August 

●  Developed instructional curriculum for a youth tennis training program; coached 12 students twice weekly 
●  Collaborated with others to maintain a safe, enjoyable atmosphere for students with a focus on positive sportsmanship 

 
LEADERSHIP & CO-CURRICULAR EXPERIENCE 
 
Vice-President, Economics Club, St. Olaf College 

 

●  Developed campus campaign to increase membership in the club resulting in in a 30% increase in active membership 
●  Created a club-sponsored speaker series on campus; invited speakers twice yearly to present to club members 

Section Leader, Chapel Choir, St. Olaf College 

 

       

             Sept. 2015-Present 

●  Coordinated with Director; Arranged and led section practices; Ensured section was prepared for full rehearsals 
 

Member, Varsity Tennis, St. Olaf College 

 

 

 

 

 

 

             Sept. 2015-Present 

 

 

 

 

 

 

            Sept. 2016-Present 

 

 

 

 

 

RELEVANT SKILLS 
Language: German (Intermediate); Spanish (Basic) 
Technical: Excel, PowerPoint, R, Adobe Photoshop, Social Media, WordPress, HTML (basic) 

