 	

	

	
PETER	LIN	
Peterlin00@gmail.com		
123	Smith	Lane,	Fairfield,	OH	12345	
111-111-1111		
	

SUMMARY	OF	QUALIFICATIONS	
Experienced	and	results-driven	engineer	with	proven	problem	solving	ability	in	diverse	industries.	Demonstrated	
success	in	leading	cross-functional	projects	by	collaboratively	working	in	teams.	Expert	in	identification	and	
resolution	of	issues.	Adept	at	effectively	communicating	and	presenting	complex	ideas	in	simple	terms.	
	
EXPERIENCE	
XYZ	Tire	&	Rubber	Co.,	Columbus,	OH	
Senior	Engineer,	Jan.	20xx	–	Present	

•  Develop	and	innovate	high-strength	lightweight	materials	to	improve	tire	performance.	
•  Lead	product	development	projects	from	concept,	testing,	and	design	review	to	industrialization.	
•  Conduct	physical	testing	of	tire	reinforcement	materials.	
•  Analyze	potential	risks	and	failures	to	create	and	follow	corrective/preventive	actions.	
•  Research	and	perform	competitor	and	industry	trend	analysis.	

Accomplishments:	

Introduced	new	belt	material	for	MRT	tires	resulting	in	$6.4M	annual	material	savings.	

• 
•  Reprogrammed	control	systems	to	improve	accuracy	in	carbon	black	delivery	system	by	19%.	
•  Led	project	on	redesign	of	steel	belt	extruder	die	leading	to	$700K/year	productivity	savings.	

•  Designed	HVAC,	plumbing	and	fire	protection	systems	for	aseptic,	process	and	general	use	facilities	in	

•  Performed	code	reviews	of	company,	state,	international,	and	insurer	codes	to	determine	design	

•  Created	cost	estimates,	review	packages,	and	basis	of	design	packages	for	client	approval	and	use	in	

•  Visited	existing	facilities	to	document	layout,	equipment,	and	designs,	and	incorporated	the	necessary	

	
BC	&	DC,	South	Brunswick,	NJ	
Mechanical	Engineer,	June	20xx	–	Dec.	20xx	

pharmaceutical	and	biotech	buildings.	

criteria	and	identify	design	restrictions.	

facility	construction.	

information	into	future	design.	

	
Engineering	Research	Center,	Rutgers	University	
Research	Assistant,	Sept.	20xx	–	May	20xx	

•  Oversaw	on-site	contractor	work	during	construction	to	ensure	adherence	to	contract	drawings.	

• 

Improved	the	touch	feedback	of	a	rehabilitation	system	by	adding	wrist-tapping	mechanisms	to	
localize	guidance.	

•  Published	a	technical	paper	titled	“Assisted	Golf	Putting	Through	a	Planar	Four-Cable	System.”	

Matlab		
Pro/ENGINEER	Wildfire		
Maple		

SAP	GUI		
Solidworks	
	

	

	
TECHNICAL	SKILLS	
C	Programming		
Labview		
Linux/Unix		
	
EDUCATION	
M.S.	in	Mechanical	Engineering,	May	20xx	
Rutgers	University,	New	Brunswick,	NJ	
	
B.S.	in	Mechanical	Engineering,	May	20xx	
China	Institute	of	Technology,	Beijing,	China	

