  

 

774.290.6250 | ssenior/portfolio | ssenior//linkedin | 

ssenior@wellesley.edu 

Sierra Tower 

 Expected May 2021 

, Cambridge, MA

September 2019 – May 2020 

 
EDUCATION

, Wellesley, MA

  
Wellesley College
B.A. in Media Arts and Sciences | Cumulative GPA: 3.75  
 
     Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)
     Cross-registered student 
 
EXPERIENCE 

 
Experiential Marketing Intern

 | McCann Worldgroup | New York, NY

● Gained firsthand knowledge of how to work cross-functionally in an advertising firm as part of 

McCann’s Experiential Marketing group. 

● Generated innovative ideas to increase consumer touchpoints and build stronger brand relevance.   
● Researched industry trends in retail and consumer packaged goods to support development of client proposals.  

  June – August 2020 

, 
Momentum
​

 | Weber Shandwick | Athens, Greece

   June – August 2019 

● Created and edited engaging content for client presentations utilizing industry specific data and analysis. 
● Updated media lists and databases and translated press releases from Greek to English to increase outreach to 

● Perform competitive analysis of client brands by conducting digital and print media scans.  

 | Wellesley College Hackathon | Wellesley, MA

          January 2019 – November 2020 

● Empowered college undergraduates in technology to come together for 30 hours and develop innovative web, 

mobile, and hardware projects through intimate mentor-based experiences. 

● Managed check-in desk, hardware table, and equipment setup to provide participants with access to effective 

● Photographed event, edited and processed photos, and posted to Hackathon social media accounts to increase 

 
Public Relations Intern

international media. 

 
Events Assistant

technology resources.  

event visibility. 

 
Vice President 

| Wellesley College Habitat for Humanity | Wellesley, MA

 

     September 2018 – Present 

● Organize annual fundraising events raising over $5,000 to support four service projects per year. 
● Coordinate service events and building projects with other university chapters to share resources. 
● Communicate with student members about events and building projects via social media to increase member 

● Recruit student members and facilitate orientation workshops to introduce new members to the organization.  

engagement in chapter activities. 

 
Operations Intern

 | Desmos | Athens, Greece

● Wrote and translated text from Greek to English for website and email marketing campaigns to support the 

efforts of Desmos, a foundation dedicated to utilizing private initiatives to address Greek humanitarian crises. 

● Assisted in planning annual fundraising art auction, including researching, writing, and editing exhibition 

catalogue entries, publicity brochures, and digital marketing materials. 

● Created analytic reports included in staff presentations to major donors. 
● Managed data entry in Raiser’s Edge for donations to ensure proper fund designations and donor attributions. 

       June 2018 – August 2018 

 
SKILLS  

Adobe Creative Cloud | CSS | Google Suite | HTML5 | Java | JavaScript | JQuery Mobile | Python | Microsoft Office 
Suite | Raiser’s Edge | Wordpress | Fluent in English, Greek, and Spanish 

 

 

 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
